gS caone 6 SSD-112 569

 

A

ECRET
sR BCLN we So
Sacigraun ee aly

Tp lel Pannecaos SPECIAL SECRECY AGREEMENT

 

1. I are. A. Coz aca ew? an
employee of the Central Intelligence Agency, understand that I
will undertaxe a special mission !mown as Project JMARC. I
realize that in the course of this mission I will acquire clas-
sifiec information within the purview of the Espionage Act,
Title 12 USC, Secs. 793 and 794. I also realize that isolated
words, phrases, careless discussion, actions and incidents, or
the insecure handling of classified documents and material could
compromise this operation, conceivably causing unnecessary loss
of life, serious injury to the interests, prestige and safety
of this Nation and be of great advantage to hostile foreign
governments.

2. Therefore, it is understood that my unauthorized dis-
closure of any information relating to Project ARC may subject
me to prosecution for violation of the Espionage Act, whether
such disclosure be mace while I am an employee of the Central
Intelligence Agency or at any time thereafter.

3. I understand that the sensitive nature of this mission
demands my utmost ciscretion, care and attention so that no in-
terest of the U. S. Government and/or the Central Intelligence
Agency in the Project will be revealed or inferred.

\,. Understan@ing the importance of the mission I am to
undertake and the necessity of preserving the security of the
operation, I solemly promise not to divulge by word or writing
or to aclmowledge or incicate in any manner whatsoever to any
unauthorized personnel within or outside the Agency any infor-
mation or comments concerning the Project or the personnel
involvec.

Signature

 

 
