 

(toetoia3-t0gaT] «

yy

CONFIDENTIAL ~- - LEYS

wed

I have read Section 798, Title 18, United States Code, which specifically: =="

refers to the subject of Commmications Intelligence, I am aware that there
are special regulations of the Central Intelligence Agency entitled "Commni-«
cations Intelligence." I acknowledge that is is my responsibility to inforn
myself of the contents of those regulations as they pertain to performance of
my duties. I appreciate that the preservation of Commmications Intelligence
source is of the utmost importance to the United States and that the loss of
such sources would be irreparable.

I have been informed that pursuant to law and as amplified by Agency regula=
tions, I am not to discuss with or disclose to any person any information
relating directly or indirectly to Commmications Intelligence wiless such
person is currently authorized to discuss or receive such information or
material of the particular category involved, By regulation I am aware that
the responsibility of ascertaining that such an authorization for another
person is valid and current, and that it is of appropriate scope, rests with
me, I am aware further that if a change in my assignment or status renders
it no longer necessary for me to receive Commmications Intelligence, my name
will be removed from the list of persons authorized to receive such material,

I hereby affirm my understanding that no change in my assignment or employment,
including termination, will ever release me of my obligation under the oath
signed below,

OATH OF SECRECY

I do solemly swear that I will not discuss with or disclose to any person,
regardless of his official position or status, any information relating
directly or indirectly to Commnications Intelligence, any information de=
rived therefrom, or the nature of the sources of such intelligence, until I
have ascertained that such person has been authorized to discuss and handle
Commnications Intelligence and that his authorization has not been revoked.

 

WITNESS:

 

Pe
W
laa

DATE a2 FEB 1958

 

 

CONFIDENTIAL

a

ee Ns
CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY hos Ne
COMMUNICATIONS INTELLIGENCE INDOCTRINATION ): os

 
